Lightning: It was yet another lovely day on the Epic Alliance.
Alice: When suddenly a giant waffle fell from the sky.
EVs17: Quickly the soldiers and higher ranking members of the alliance quickly leaped into action ensuring no member was harmed.
Timmsy: They quickly ate the waffle to make sure it didn't hurt anyone.
Lightning: After devouring the waffle, all of them were very full and satisfied, so they decided to . . .
Katy: skibidi gyatt ohio to get more waffles and throw them at lightning (the evil demon) and save the world
Demi: so, they threw the waffles at lightning. The 6'0 tall man screamed twinkily, the places where the waffles hit started burning red on his skin, and the heros sweat as they kept throwing waffles, over and over.
Timmsy: Eventually they ran out of waffles and had to resort to peacefully convincing lightning to not hurt people
IcedCoffee: Lightning, now angry with waffles covered body, decides that peace was never an option.
HenIsHuman: Lightning, filled with rage, began to administer punishment among the people. He began by ejecting the waffles strapped to his body towards the people. Ike by one, people were dropping like flies, meeting a gruesome end. Some were even decapitated.
Katy: suddenly, eric (god) comes from above to save the citizens from the evil waffle wizard lightning, as soon as lightning sees eric (god) he remembers the good times they have had together before he gets stricken down by eric (god)
Alice: Waffle wizard Lightning did not take that lightly, he would stand up and fight against Eric (god), it was now a battle of the throne, the strongest mod in history (Eric) vs the strongest mod of today (Lightning) the battle begins!
EVs17: Eric starts his first move, DIMENSIONAL WARP. Suddenly Lightning and Eric are transported to a new dimension. As lightning looks around, he's surprised to see the blocky world around them. They're in Minecraft!
Demi: “what the…”. Lightning says hesitantly, looking around. He quickly realizes that eric has completely disappeared, leaving him in a birch forest. he takes a moment to take in the the soft sound of leaves rustling, before deciding he should explore.
HenIsHuman: Lightning calmly explores the surrounding area. After settling on a nice place, he creates a crafting table, and a few tools. Lightning builds a small house, and decides to wait out the oncoming night.
Alice: Still in the birch forest, Lightning hears banging on the door, a hoard of zombies was attacking his house! What will Lightning do now that he's completely surrounded inside his little home?
Lightning: With a look of fierce determination, Lightning drew his stone sword. Then he burst from his makeshift abode, slashing the zombies left and right. As they fell to the ground, though, Lightning saw an ominous pair of white glowing eyes in the distance.
Katy: ITS HEROBRINE lightning then proceeded to violently shit his pants out of fear and start setting up the anti herobrine shrine to kill herobrine and the zombies once and for all
EVs17: As lightning is building the shrine, he remembers, HE IS THE ALMIGHTY WAFFLE WIZARD. He magically materializes a waffle staff out of thin air, then stares at Herobrine with a grin on his face.
Alice: Lightning then transforms Herobrine into a waffle!! And gives out a huge bite!! One less threat to deal with! Now Lightning can go back to focusing on his true passion, which is...
Dreamers: As Lightning walks away from his waffle-filled breakfast, he stumbles upon a mysterious map leading to the legendary Waffle Kingdom. The aroma of freshly baked treats wafts through the air, drawing him in.
Demi: Lightning took a deep breath in, enjoying the lovely smell of freshly made waffles and other baked goods. he immediately ran up to the front counter and ordered himself a few of the warm, welcoming treats.
Alice: Lightning enjoyed his treats, but when he had to pay up, he realized he left his wallet home! That's when a familiar face showed up and payed the tab for him, that familiar face was...
IcedCoffee: EV! The big man shows up with a THICC pocket. "Can you pay for this?", Lightning asked, looking up at him as he remained seated, waffles covering a bit of his lips. EV remained standing, looking down at his friend wiping away his waffles, and said..
Lightning: "Of course! I need to put that pay check I should given you to use somehow," EV answered. After paying the cashier, the two of them walked out of the waffle shop and began to stroll around the city together.
Katy: "Thank you for paying for my meal!" Lightning said as he stared at EVs eyes. "Although you should really pay me sometime, that was my first meal in 4 days." They then proceeded to walk around the city until they decided to...
Timmsy: do a crime, because evs could not afford to pay him, and lightning needed money
Alice: As such, EVs and Lightning decided to rob a bank together, so EVs could pay Lightning, they got the plan set up EVs would go inside and rob the bank while Lightning would stay outside in a car ready to pick up EVs and make a run for it with the money
EVs17: EVs runs into the bank and opens someone's personal vault, inside their is a paycheck. As the alarms go off, EV quickly swipes the paycheck, runs out of the bank and gets in the car with lightning as he drives off.
Yapper: To EVs surprise, it was lightnings paycheck! He just took 0$, and now the cops are on the two, at least they broke even!
IcedCoffee: With an amazing display of skills, they were able to evade the sights of the officers. With no choice left, they drove to a familiar house and knocks on the door...
Lightning: After a bit, Hen opened the door and greeted them warmly. Thankful to get away from the cops, EV and Lightning gladly stepped inside. The three of them sat down together, and after a bit, Furina joined them with several glasses of tea and lemonade.
Demi: “yo what’s good eric and lightning!” hen greeted them as they drank their tea and lemonade. Furina sets down a cute, simple white cake with blue frosting on the edges. “well,” lighting began, “we are kind of being chased by the.. well, the police.."
Alice: "Oh cool, i was chased by the police once" said Hen. Lightning and EVs then explained to Hen and Furina all about their heist, and Hen comes up with a plan to get rid of the cops...
Timmsy: after explaining his plan to get rid of the cops, the gang went out to find massive amounts of weapons for unrelated reasons
HenIsHuman: "Alright fellas, we have the loot we need. Furina, the gang is ready, right?" Hen asked with concern. Suddenly, the members of the Salon Solitaire appeared. "Yep! They're right here!" Furina replied with a smile, feeling very prideful. Eric replied..
Tomio: "Ah, good, we'll need to come up with a plan to get some food because we are on a shortage right now." Eric would start thinking on what to do, he then said to Hen and Furina.
Lightning: "Let's go back to that shop and get some more waffles & lemonade!" exclaimed Lightning. Giving him a wry look, Hen replied, "with what paycheck?" "I'm sure you have one..." answered Lightning.
Yapper: "I spent it all on Furina!" Hen exclaimed. "What are we going to do!!?" Hearing the sad cries from the crew, Timmsy, the lemonade god blesses them with a lemon that can make infinite amounts of lemonade!
Katy: "leemonadee" Timmsy says as he blesses the two of them with the lemonadeeee and as Hen, Lightning, and Timmsy, enjoy their lemonade...
IcedCoffee: Alice notices them from a distance, "What in the world is happening?", Alice questions herself as she walks closer and asks..
Dreamers: As Alice approaches, Hen, Lightning, and Timmsy pause mid-sip, their faces aglow from the lemonade's citrusy charm. "Ah, perfect timing!" Timmsy exclaims, offering her a cup. Alice hesitates, unsure if she should join in on this peculiar gathering.
EVs17: Timmsy offered Alice a glass of lemonade with an unnatural smile on his face. As Alice reaches for the glass, she hears a voice. “Don’t drink it!” The voice came from another room, it sounded like EV
Katy: EV bursts into the room screaming "DONT DRINK IT ALICE" "W-what?!" "It's not lemonade.... ITS PISS" Alice jumps from her seat and screams then everyone darts their eyes towards Timmsy.
Timmsy: I quickly stand to defend myself from these accusations, pointing out that it is in fact not piss, but holy lemonade
DonDon: Dondon looks a Timmsy in a suspicious way, not believing his defense. Dondon states, "no wonder it tastes like shit, must have some in it too😡."
Katy: Everyone then feels bad for Timmsy has you can see tears well up in his eyes then everyone immediately takes everything they've said back out of pity
Yapper: He then happily makes everybody lemonade! This lemonade is awesome now! And free! "But what about the waffles?" Lightning asked. "We can't have lemonade without waffles!"
HenIsHuman: Hen looked over and Lightning and quickly replied,  "We dont need waffles, that's gee. Pipe down and drink your piss drink." Hen then proceeded to drink his entire glass of lemonade in a single massive gulp.
Dreamers: As Hen belched loudly, he grinned at Lightning, "Now that's what I call refreshment!" But his triumph was short-lived, as a strange tingling sensation began to spread from his glass of lemonade up his arm and into his body.
Tomio: Hen realized what the drink was, it was the piss drink, Lightning had swapped it with the lemonade while Hen wasn't looking.
Alice: "how was your *lemonade*?" said Lightning as he grinned, Hen proceeded to absolutely VOMIT EVERYTHING HE HAD EATEN SINCE LAST WEEK.... "Lightning... you went too far- *BLEEEGGHHH*" said Hen....
IcedCoffee: Lightning stood and laughed at him, pointing and yelling "GET FUCKED DUMBASS!" as he himself proceeded to giggle and shit instead of the other way around...
Yapper: Waffles magically floated down from the air with syrup! The two stopped fooling around and went over to the table with the magical waffles, and ate them.
Lightning: Realizing he'd been making a fool of himself, Lightning tried to put the past chaos behind him. The waffles were very tasty, and he was happy to have such filling meal.
Timmsy: with the waffles falling from the sky, the whole gang rejoiced and consumed waffles in harmony and unison
Tomio: and everybody was happy with the waffles, the waffles brought peace to the gang, and cups of hot chocolate appeared in their hands.
Katy: yay everyone was happy!
Demi: The End
