Tomio: Kate and Lightning were going out to a hoyoverse convention, Kate was dressed as Mualani and Lightning was dressed as Neuvillette
Mikasa: During their time there, they did countless photos with other cosplayers and regular people at the convention. It made them quite famous, more than they already were.
Tomio: People started asking them for autographs and gave them some stuff that were a part of the convention, they were both happy
Victoria: At the end of the day, tired and arms heavy with freebies that fans gave them, it was time to return home.
DonDon: The idols had returned home and relaxes for a little bit, they realized it was time to go sleep. They crept into bed together and
Yapper: They slept well, after all that performing they deserved it. Tomorrow they'll look at the fans gifts
Tomio: It was morning and they were in their cozy pajamas, they then went to look and see what kind of gifts they got
Lightning: Katy unboxed a soft scarf from Lightning, to keep her warm in the winter. Demi unboxed a friendship bracelet from Katy. Then EV handed Katy a gift...
Katy: Katy looks at the gift with excitement, waiting to unbox it, eric appears really excited for her to unbox the gift aswell, she starts unboxing the gift and.....
HenIsHuman: to her surprise, it’s a pipe bomb! Apparently Eric had been discussing with icy previously and they colluded to place a bomb inside of the package to bomb Katelyn.
Tomio: Katelyn would go ship the gift to Eric's place, and when it was Eric's doorstep..
Mikasa: The pipebomb went off unexpectantly, obliterating the surrounding area in a devastating blow, setting off nearby car alarms and shattering windows
Demi: Eric's whole house was destroyed, leaving no visible survivors. the police and firemen searched the explosion sight, search for days for any survivors.
DonDon: But, somehow, he had survived the explosion. Barely making it out alive, just barely breathing. Eric had survived.
Lightning: Lightning rushed to Eric. He was too far gone to be saved my medicine, so Lightning desperately rushed him to Soulencia. Beneath the radiance of the beacon, Golden poured forth warming rays of sunlight, slowly healing the harbinger. Then, Eric . . .
Katy: someone rewrite this to not be an eric x lightning fanfiction pls
Yapper: Took lightning back to the real world and they played minecraft!
Victoria: Lightning ended up spending the entire day playing Minecraft and forgot about everything else.
IcedCoffee: "What happened..." Lightning wondered as he got up the chair and walks out the door, feeling confused as to how someone can be so immersed, his train of thought was then interrupted by a familiar voice..
Demi: “Hello, Lightning11wins…” said the voice. Lightning froze with fear, too scared to turn around to see the person behind him.
Lightning: "It's me, Hen!" the voice said. Lightning ran, blindly crashing ahead. He tripped, fell, got up, and kept running. But no matter how fast he ran, he still heard the voice of Hen echoing behind him.
EVs17: As Hen got closer, Lightning could do nothing to stop him. Lightning's worst fears have been realized. Hen touched him...  on his shoulder. "SURPRISE" As Hen said that, The members of the Alliance jumped out to surprise and ITS TIME TO PARTY
Mikasa: Relieved, Lightning lets out a sigh, glad that it was just a prank. Going with the flow, he begins to party like no tomorrow.
DonDon: Everyone has fun, drinks some drinks, until.. He came, disaster struck.
Demi: Ace Legacy TTV emerged from the crowd.  stomping to them because he is as big as caseoh.
EVs17: After they complete the mod Lightning and EV gained a huge following, bigger than Ace, and he was pissed. He said "YOU GUYS DON'T DEVERSE FAME, YOU GUYS WOULD BE NOTHING WITHOUT ME" EV looked at him and said back. "We are better without you"
Lightning: "WE COULD HAVE BEEN FRIENDS," wept Lightning. "But you had to do this... You deserve this." Reaching deep inside himself, Lightning summoned Hen. As soon as he saw Ace, Hen's face filled with determination. He knew what he had to do...
Tomio: Hen and Lightning would take out deadly weapons to defeat Ace so he would put a stop to his actions
Mikasa: When suddenly, Ace pulls out his gooner jar, the onion stench invading Lighting and Hen's nostrils, causing them to stammer.
Timmsy: The pair backed off, unable to handle the stench, until aces bad habit of eating burger King caught up to him and he fucking died
Tomio: And so after ace died, the gang would finally live in peace without the gooner, hopefully.
HenIsHuman: So the gang returned to their place of living, attempting to move past the situation and eventual death of Ace. Unfortunately, soon after, the stock market crashed. Ace contributed to 90% of the fast food industry with his habits.
Victoria: Even in death, gang STILL can't be free from the gooner...  and with the collapse of the stock market, all their money has been completely drained
EVs17: fortunately, lightning doesn't have any money either way, so he knows exactly how to survive. With lightning's guidance, he leads the alliance to a new era. THE GOLDEN ERA
Lightning: After recovering from the economic crash, EV lead gang to create a new season of Traveler's Realm SMP. As the server started, tons of new players flocked onto it to see all the things that the dev team had developed.
Demi: Everyone from every side of the country tried to join in on the fun, and the epic alliance only grew from there. Thousands of people joined and the server began to lag with how many people were on it.
Mikasa: with a TPS of 1, the server was on life support, nobody able to do anything, so they start a go-fund me to raise money for the server.
Victoria: Weeks go by and they barely get any money from the go fund me. Everything changes when a large donation suddenly comes in from someone unknown, saving the server.
Yapper: Its joe biden! He saw the plight of the server and wanted to give back. In exchange he wants to be able to play on it.
Timmsy: joe biden manages to join the server, and has a great time placing blocks and shit cause hes in fucking minecraft
Demi: but little did joe know, minecraft wasnt just about having fun and building dirt boxes, soon enough the sun began to set and the mobs began spawning.
Mikasa: That’s when joe saw a skeleton from a distance. Thinking it was another player, he approached it with no hesitation, only to be greated with an arrow to the shoulder.
Yapper: Joe Biden magically healed himself, to the surprise of Trump who was wearing a spirit Halloween skeleton costume
Tomio: Joe Biden would go grab a bucket of candy he had and ate some, he then told Trump if he wanted some
Timmsy: Trump and Biden ate the cheap candy together, but unbeknownst to them both,the candies were laced with laxatives
EVs17: unlucky for them, they both had to make a speech about the election. So they awkwardly got onto the podium and quickly spoke. The sooner they were done, the sooner they could use the bathroom
Alice: Trump made his speech about animal-eating imigrants, transgender illegal aliens in prison and more "important" business, while Biden makes his speech about the best type of icecream and the best time to take a nap
DonDon: the speeches had both ended and both needed to shit really bad so they went to the restroom and saw eachother, eyes met.
EVs17: As they stared into eachother's soul, both really needing to use the bathroom, only one person could use it at a time. They were not gonna go to the public bathroom cause they are above that. It looked like a constipated fight was about in ensue
Tomio: they started to do rock paper scissors, but then they just made a run for it and they both fell down
Lightning: This entire performance was streamed to a <em>LIVE</em> audience across the US. After witnessing it, the public universally agreed to reform the political system. It took many years, but in the end, everyone became just a little bit happier. <strong>The End</strong>
