Timmsy: I remember the rain
DonDon: The rain, it had brought nothing but misery. Every time it came it felt like time reversed..
Alice: The rain was like a mark for disaster to come, a signal of misery coming from the skies.
Victoria: Nothing ever ended well when the rain came. Rather than being seen as relief from drought or some other predicament, it was treated as an omen.  Strange, for such an arid place to regard the rain with such wariness.
IcedCoffee: As the droplets falls down and the sound of the water hitting the ground gets louder, I cant stop but wonder, "What will happen.."
HenIsHuman: As Karl considers what could've caused this sudden rain that ended the fires, Furina Descends in front of him and speaks.  "Ugh, you seriously made me put these fires out? Couldn't handle it yourself? What a dumbass."  Karl stares back in surprise
EVs17: As Furina says that the fire reignites for it was not a normal fire. It was a Californian fire. Lightning then uses the world carver to open a portal above the fire and tries to pull it out again by dumping an Ocean's worth of water onto the fire.
Mikasa: But the water was ineffective against the fire, as it simple flooded the town. Astonished, Lightning used the world carver on the flames directly.
Katy: Woosh! steam rises in the air as the flames are extinguished, "We did it EV! lightning happily says, we saved California!" "Not yet" Eric says...
IcedCoffee: "What do you mean?" Lightning asked taking a step back, his body tenses as he wonders about what Eric had planned...
Mikasa: Suddenly, Eric bursts into flames, the area around him heating up as he turned to look at Lightning.
DonDon: I.. I had planned this from the beginning <em>Eric tried to say it but the pain and flames bad distorted it</em>
Lightning: "I don't know what to do, help!" cried Lightning. Suddenly, Hen and Furina rushed onto the scene. Hen pushed the shocked Lightning to the side as Furina used her hydro vision to dowse the flames surrounding Eric, but then...
HenIsHuman: A mysterious hooded figure appears, grabs furina, and begins to run away. "Ah hell nah," Hen exclaimed, as he began to run after the masked figure. Behind him, Lightning was able to put out the rest of the flames on eric.
Victoria: With the flames safely put out, lightning and Eric are able to follow hen as he continues to chase the figure that grabbed furina.
Tomio: Hen would throw a metal pipe at the figure and the figure would fall down and Furina fell out of their hands and Hen catched her
EVs17: Hen holding furina in his hands runs out of the fire lightning and Eric behind them. They flee the flames like an action move as the crowd cheers. The fire has been put out, furina was saved
Victoria: With everyone safe and relatively un injured, it’s finally time to head home.
HenIsHuman: Everyone returns to their home soon after Eric arrives at his house, he receives a phone call. To his surprise it’s Lightning…
Katy: "Hey EV?" lightning says, in a worried voice. "You need to come here right now"
Victoria: “What’s the matter?” asks EV. The worried tone and look on his face don’t ease his worries.  What lightning says next makes EV’s heart sink.
Yapper: "Dreamers ate all the cookies..."
DonDon: Dreamers had committed a war crime
Alice: Everyone looked in shock at Dreamers, as Alice broke the silence: "Why would you eat all the cookies?!?! <em>sobs</em>"
Demi: Dreamers stared blankly as the slowly crunched on the last cookie. Alice continued crying, so devastated at the loss of the precious cookies. lightning quickly grabbed dreamers and dragged him to a different room.
EVs17: As Lightning takes dreamers to the other room and attempts to find the bug in his code dreamer suddenly stops and pins lightning against the wall. “What are you doing dreamers-chan?” lightning says.
DonDon: <em>dreamers' eyes widen, he blushes</em> wha-what do you mean lightning-chan.. <em>he looks away as lightning stares into his eyes</em>
Katy: "You're my property" Lightning says... "you do what <strong>I</strong> want"
Demi: The evil version of lighting laughed hysterically, and dreamers feared for his life. "please!" he begged. "What did you do with the real lightning!?" The evil lightning laughed more. "Oh , him? You won't find him anymore. I... got <em>rid</em> of him..."
Timmsy: Lightning then proceeded to attack dreamers, wanting to dispose of anyone who knew he wasnt the original
Alice: Dreamers opened his domain: "unlimited story: fiction came to life" and he started writing on his imaginary note book, anything he'd write would come to reality, at a certain cost, he used this power to attack evil Lightning
IcedCoffee: Evil lightning was shocked, how could this be?! He asked himself before throwing up gang sign to activate Domain Amplification: I dont know how to code. He turned his inability to code against Dreamers!
Timmsy: Dreamers smiled, even though lightnings domain amplification meant he could with stand his domain expansion, Lightning cant use techniques simultaneously, its only a matter of time before dreamers drains his cursed energy
HenIsHuman: Lightning continued to think, not knowing how to get out of this situation.
Alice: evil Lightning suddenly utilizes a special tool: the inverted spear of heaven, and breaks Dreamers domain expansion, now they were exposed to the outside world, and help comes to aid Dreamers in his battle!
DonDon: Dreamers then creates clones of himself, millions.
Tomio: the clones were so much that the real dreamers was nowhere to be found
Yapper: Then, a bunch of the clones exploded
Demi: and only the real dreamers remained. "No!" he yelled, trying anything to get the clones back to hide him from his doom.
Katy: but unfortunately it was all in vain, all the clones were gone due to a coding error. the world was saved because of lightnings janky code (im sorry lightning ur code is amazing) <strong>The End</strong>
