EVs17: Once upon a time, Lightning came across a nether portal while going to college.
Mikasa: Curios, he approached the nether portal with caution. The purple glow illuminating the alleyway. The portal whooshed and whirled, as if it were drawing Lightning in, begging him to enter the portal.
Katy: As he stepped in, he saw the fire all around him. "ERIC???" lightning screamed as he saw him in the distance and realized he was in the state of California and it was on fire!!!
Dreamers: He sprinted towards Eric, shouting above the roar of the flames. The air was thick with smoke, making it hard to breathe. Lightning's eyes stung from the heat and ash. As they collided, Eric flung his arms around him, holding tight. "What are you doing here?" Eric yelled, his voice hoarse from inhaling smoke.
Lightning: "I'm here to save you!" shouted Lightning, pulling Eric away from the flames. Smoke darkened the sky, blotting out the sun. "RUN" shouted Lightning, as the two of them sprinted across the charred wastelands of California.
HenIsHuman: As the two continued across the flame tarnished land, attempting to outrun the smoke, the unthinkable happened. Furina descended from the sky and put out the fire with a form of water vapor. She somehow put it out without any flooding occurring.
Timmsy: however the immense and rapid change in air temperature caused a massive tornado to form, tearing through california
Demi: the tornado tore through the land, causing mass destruction and sadness. tornados were quite unusual in california, and the strange unusual weather caused mass cause through the land
Dreamers: As the tornado dissipated, a eerie calm fell over the devastated landscape. Residents emerged from shelters to survey the destruction, their faces etched with grief and disbelief. The once-thriving city was now a tangled mess of twisted metal and shattered glass.
Yapper: Surprisingly, everybody survived! They hugged their cats and the government reimbursed them for the damages, now all they need to do is wait for their homes to be rebuilt!
Lightning: Lightning was hired by the government to help with the reconstruction. Using the World Carver, he terraformed the nearby terrain to remove the rubble and create sturdy foundations for the new buildings.
HenIsHuman: Karl decided to build a special house, one for all of the gang. He worked with architectural design legend "Ffionn." Together, they came up with a luxurious 4 story mansion that has a room for each gang member, specifically designed for their needs.
Timmsy: "Ffionn" felt very proud of his design, and celebrated by hosting a lemonade party
Demi: The party went well and all of gang participated and they all had a great time
EVs17: Lightning finally met Kate and EV irl, and he was so happy. Lightning make so many noises that Alice clipped to later turn into sound boards.
Alice: Lightning gave Kate and EV a huge cake to celebrate the occasion, but what they didn't know...
Timmsy: Is that the cake was secretly an evil cake
Demi: “muahahahah!” the evil cake laughed, the cake started destroying the table he sat in, and eating the utensils and such,
Alice: "We need to put a stop to this evil cake!" Said EV "But hoowww?" Said the distressed Lightning "We will use.... THE POWER OF FRIENDSHIP!!!" responded Kate
EVs17: EV and Lighting looked and Kate and then looked at each other. Using the power of friendship they summoned Mualani, a yippee, and Golden to help destroy the evil cake.
Timmsy: The 3 summons were quickly destroyed by the gargantuan scale of the cake, no match for the carbs at hand. just then a rumbling was heard in the distance
Alice: It was the all mighty god of the oven: Guoba! He was extremely hungry and craving sweets, and he had smelled the delicious cake all the way from Liyue
Yapper: Xiangling laughed at the now full guoba, "jeez I knew you liked cake, but ruining dinner with the cake I was going to give you after as a surprise? Why????!" :c
Mikasa: The small god simply chuckled, frosting from the cake still on the sides of his mouth.
Demi: “sorry, i couldn’t help myself! you know i like your cooking xiangling!” guoba said innocently
Timmsy: With the evil cake gone, everyone celebrated yay
IcedCoffee: everyone began jumping up and down, "yippee!" yelled everyone while jumping
Alice: As they jumped and cheered, the great lord Guoba smilled upon the happy gang and then said "YUMMERS" and jumped into the clouds! leaving behind a trail of sparkles, and a mysterious object behind...
DonDon: As he jumped into the skies, he had  left a trail, of food. Everyone had immediately ran towards it and started gobbling it
Katy: But there was a small issue... the trail of food was ROTTEN and started making people sick all over the town!!! but as all hope was being lost, a couple people emerge from the distance....
Demi: "It seems this town is in a.. <em>dire</em> situation.." a tall blond 6'6 super hero enters the scene, followed by three other sneering superheros.
Timmsy: The superheroes rapidly put their powers to work solving digestion issues and helping people dispose of the rotten food
Yapper: But they also had really good powers of light! They can defeat the bad guys without having to deal with peoples digestion!!
Katy: unfortunately though, light doesnt work for digestion issues, but lightning does!!!
IcedCoffee: But Lightning is dummy thicc!! He might choke em like Ganyu did! We need a new plan!!
Yapper: Lightning ran away from the monster, running as quick as possible. "If we don't have a plan I'm going to lose!!!"
HenIsHuman: "Fellas," Hen replies, "He has gyatt it'll be fine. Let the monster eat Karl."
IcedCoffee: Karl looked horrified as he heard the verdict, why me? This is bullshit! Its unfair!! He thought
Yapper: After hearing Lightnings protests, the group instead decided to smack the monster very hard.
Victoria: Smacking the monster very hard eventually turned into beating the shit out of it. After enduring enough of their assaults, the monster flees with its tail between its legs.
Lightning: "Yippee! <a:yippee:1124707213815070782>" exclaimed Lightning. Gang decided to have a party to celebrate the monster's crushing defeat. Timmsy brought lemon aid. Katy brought <s>door dash</s> pretty project sekai music. And Demi brought Mavuika!
Mikasa: During the party, there was an unexpected guest, it was a door dash guy who has food for a Katelyn Rose Miller.
Alice: Katy swiftly opened the door and snatched the food, she was starving, so she started digging in! but the door dash guy got very mad at the rude client...
IcedCoffee: ”Do I crashout or keep it professional and wishes her a nice meal” The delivery guy wondered..
Victoria: <em>fuck it I’m crashing out. I don’t get paid enough to deal with this,</em> thinks the delivery guy.
EVs17: the guy fell face first on to the floor crashing out right in front of the girl. The girl was shocked unsure what to do. She took the guy inside and laid him onto the couch for the night. As she looked at him, she thought to herself “he’s kinda cute”
Mikasa: Taking her chance, she took the delivery guys phone and added her number to it.
Tomio: The girl would jump in happiness and she saw the guy almost wake up and so she put his phone in his hand and the ran away
IcedCoffee: The guy woke up, "Where am I?" he asked himself as he noticed the phone in his hand, unlocked...
Victoria: Curious, he can’t help but go through the phone. It makes him more confused though. There’s barely any apps and the messages and photos are all cryptic. He gets the feeling that they’re geared toward him and trying to guide him somewhere.
Katy: He wondered who's weird ass started this shit and just opened up google maps to find a pin marked in a random location...
EVs17: He (idfk who "he" is) went to the coordinates on google maps and found a small shack. Inside the shack, he found something that distrubed him to his very core
IcedCoffee: It was drake! The coordinate on the map was his location and the pin symbolises a registered s*x offender pin, maybe it was god's plan because he's not like us..
Lightning: Summoning Katy and gave her a lever: "You're more qualified to judge this man than me. If you do nothing, Drake will be run over by a trolley and die. If you pull the leaver, he will be saved. The choice is yours, good luck!" Then he left.
HenIsHuman: Katy, remembering the trauma she has from Icy, makes a decision. Unsurprisingly, she walks away from the lever, leaving Drake to die. The trolley problem only works if the person has a solid moral compass, especially in relation to the victim.
Demi: Kate makes the choice and stays still. not pulling the lever that would end the famous singer, and pedophiles life. The decision was easy for her. Knowing drakes reputation, he was probably going to die sooner or later. but, this did mean she was playing into icys plan. killing a fellow human being, something almost everyone in the world considers horrible, even if they themselves are pedophiles. Before she could react, the sound of the train came screaming by, and she heard a squelch and a high pitched scream.
IcedCoffee: Then.. it went quiet as the roaring of the engine fades in the distance, What have I done? She asked herself as Icy stared from the distance, satisfied.
EVs17: Good Katy, good. Icy stood there like emperor Palpatine, Katy so frightful of what he's gonna say next, but then he dissappeared, vanished into thin air. Katy did it, she cured her schizophrenia demon and was free from icy at last.
Alice: with her new-found sanity, Katy decided to host a happy ending party with all of her friends, with cakes, balloons, and lots of dad jokes and crackers!!!
HenIsHuman: Unfortunately, just when she thought she was finally free, Hen attacked. He ran into the house where the party was held, grabbed Katy, and ran...
Yapper: He took her to another happy ending party! There was an even bigger cake. All of gang was there and surprised her.
Lightning: And Katy lived happily ever after with her best friends. <strong>The End</strong>
